Eggplant: A plant of the nightshade family, which bears egg-shaped, typically purple fruit.
Kale: A hardy cabbage of a variety that produces erect stems with large leaves and no compact head.
Zucchini: A type of small marrow.
Garlic: A strong-smelling pungent-tasting bulb, used as a flavoring in cooking.
Yam: A sweet potato.
Dill: A plant of the parsley family, with finely divided leaves that are used as an herb.
Artichoke: A variety of a species of thistle cultivated as a food.
Napa cabbage: A type of Chinese cabbage that has long, crinkled leaves.
Onion: A swollen edible bulb used as a vegetable, having a pungent taste and smell and composed of several concentric layers.
Spinach: A widely cultivated edible Asian plant of the goosefoot family, with large, dark green leaves.
Iceberg lettuce: A type of lettuce with crisp leaves that form a spherical head.
Fennel: A bulbous plant of the parsley family, with feathery leaves and yellow flowers.
Jicama: A brown-skinned edible tuber that has crisp white flesh and a sweet starchy flavor.
Leek: A vegetable that is related to the onion and has a mild, onion-like flavor.
Radish: A swollen pungent-tasting edible root, especially a variety that is small, spherical, and red.
Watercress: A semiaquatic plant of the cabbage family, which has small, round leaves and is used as a salad green.
Mushroom: A fungal growth that typically takes the form of a domed cap on a stalk, often with gills on the underside of the cap.
Pea: A spherical green seed that is eaten as a vegetable or as a pulse when dried.
Carrot: A tapering orange-colored root eaten as a vegetable.
Turnip: A round root with white or cream flesh that is eaten as a vegetable.
Quash: A type of squash, such as zucchini.
Horseradish: A coarse Eurasian plant of the cabbage family, with long leaves and small white flowers.
Vegetable marrow: A type of marrow, a vegetable related to the cucumber and squash.
Udo: A plant of the lily family, which has long, straight, edible shoots.
Xigua: A watermelon.
Broccoli: A cabbage of a variety similar to the cauliflower, bearing heads of green or purplish flower buds.
